Bethel Panashe Choto
Reflection


The program uses an unordered map to store the values read from the airports, inputs and routes files; because the unordered map is more efficient for searching, they have a time complexity of O(1). It takes the start and destination and stores those values as a vector. The program then converts the vector<vector<string>> values into strings and uses those values to search if the given start location and destination location are in the Routes class. If the solution is found, it then writes to the output file by the writeToFile method defined inside the Node class. The WriteInFile takes the inputs; the user specifies the start and the destination location by giving the city and country for the start and destination, and then the method will write to the file and save it as input.csv. The Node class is used with the search class to check if the given node is in the parent node; if so, it will be looped over, searching for all successor states, which are nodes that are reachable from the given parent node. The search class contains a vector<vector<string>> and an unordered set as its datatypes. It will be appending values into the frontier and looping over them, checking if the current node is the goal node; if not, it will continue to loop until the goal state is found. It then writes the found solution. The Node class will then print the solution. A fstream reader was used to read CSV files and store the contents in a hashmap. Use a breadth-first search algorithm to find the optimal path and return it. However, suppose an A-star algorithm replaces the breadth-first search algorithm. The program will more efficiently find the optimal path between the start destination and the final solution.
Challenges faced 
We faced the challenge of understanding the c++ data structures, and we ended up reading about how data structures such as vector and unordered maps and unordered sets work.  We also wanted to override the Node class, which was a bit challenging, and from the research, we found out that the (operator ==) method is used in c++. Reading and writing from and to a file, we researched effective methods.